Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
What?
- What?
- What'd you say?
What?
- I didn't say anything.
- What is it? What?
- What?
Stop it.
What did you say?
- Have you ever seen anything like this?
- No. Never. But it's gonna be okay.
Yeah. no. for sure. absolutely.
For real. it's gonna be fine.
No. I-I know.
Jess. what do you think?
Well. I think an entire turn is late.
Well. they are gonna show.
They have to show.
If it keeps raining. we're either
gonna have no-shows all night
or every table is gonna be late.
It's not gonna keep raining.
- It's gonna stop. Any second now.
- Yeah.
- For sure. It's stopping.
- It's stopping.
- Yeah.
- Right…
…about now.
Okay. guys. bring it in. The 5:30
reservations are now five minutes late.
The 5:45 will be here in ten minutes.
The 6:00 p.m. in 25 minutes.
The weather's absolutely fucking us.
We're either gonna be deathly slow
or dangerously slammed.
and either way. we'll have
an incoming traffic problem.
That being said.
this organization will seat
and serve whoever
and however many people arrive.
- Gotta be quick.
- Correct.
And we need to trim half an hour
out of every seating.
That's okay. We are going to be fine.
Chef Sydney's right.
and actually. to demonstrate.
this right here is a visual representation
of a path to success.
Okay. now it's fairly self-explanatory.
but I'm happy to sidebar with anyone
and walk you through it.
I'm gonna leave this one here. and
there's a duplicate right behind the bar.
- Thank you.
- My pleasure.
Okay. we need place settings ready to go.
wherever you gotta put 'em.
however you gotta hide 'em.
I want table clears cut in half.
I want kitchen times dialed to drill.
Questions? Ideas?
I'll continue looking out the window.
- Helpful. Thank you so much. Neil.
- Don't steam it up.
I can trim another 5%.
Ration protein.
And also. hopefully.
get people out of here quicker.
Jess. do you think we can call. like.
a minute earlier?
Yes. but keep in mind.
if we're cutting a half hour.
we're gonna be at ten minutes a set.
Good. That's ten minutes a set.
It's great. Yeah. good.
- Rene. Garrett. Richie…
- Yep.
…should they show up.
traffic overflow near the door.
- Copy you. Chef.
- It's gonna be a nightmare.
We'll handle it.
navigate it the best we can.
Gary. how we looking on wine?
If I can open two bottles.
I can figure it out.
Nat?
Yeah. why not?
- Fuck it. Open 'em up.
- Thanks. Chef.
T. can you grab the whiteboard?
I'm gonna take a cue from Richie
and get a visual representation
of everything going on in the night.
- how much we have left.
- Yes. Chef.
Great. okay.
I want constant communication tonight.
All or nothing. Bears.
Our Mother of Victory.
Pray for us.
- Let's go.
- Chefs.
Always poised.
Welcome.
- Goddamn it! Stand down.
- Hey. chefs.
Whoo. It is really coming down out there.
Hey. Pete. you're dripping water
all over the fucking floor!
- I'm sorry.
- Natalie!
- What's up. Fakster?
- Don't talk to him. He's working.
- Don't talk to me. I'm working.
- Sorry.
- Just go.
- Okay.
- Is it T-shirt night or something?
- Just go.
- Okay.
Sorry about that.
Let's remain vigilant.
Hey. chefs.
Whoa. Vibe low.
- What are you doing here?
- Hey.
Traffic was brutal getting home.
I thought maybe I could. like. come eat?
- Babe. it's really not a good time.
- Pete.
Do you know what? I'm so sorry.
Nat. do you mind
if I borrow him real quick?
- Can I ask you for a favor?
- I would love to do you a favor.
Thank you. You're such an angel.
Okay. we're gonna kinda get. like.
destroyed on trash.
and you would just be. like.
a complete godsend if you could help us.
- What?
- And I. you know. later.
could maybe cook you whatever you want.
- Bolognese? Deal.
- Done.
- Great.
- Okay. cool.
- Back there.
- Awesome.
- Thank you.
- Just. like. break 'em down?
- Yeah. Just have fun with it. really.
Thank you. Richard.
- You good?
- Yes. Chef.
I'ma redo inventory.
Great. Thank you.
I'm gonna get us through tonight.
I know you are. baby.
I'm gonna be right next to you.
Obviously. I mean…
That's why you're my CDC.
Exact…
What?
T. whatever happens tonight.
wherever we end up.
you are my CDC.
Chef. I-I don't know.
What don't you know?
Like. if-if I could do it.
T…
You've been doing it.
So. can you get me that list?
I'm on it. Chef.
We gotta go faster. Chef.
We gotta go faster.
Yeah. I'm not worried about it. man.
I'm just saying. during service
you're gonna get lifted off this table.
and I'm just gonna be over here alone.
so I just want to get ahead.
- I got you. I'm trying to focus right now.
- Sure.
- Hi. Everything okay?
- Hi. Natalie.
- Yeah?
- We're totally great.
Everything's totally fine. It's nice.
- Okay. you're scaring me.
- Nicey-nice.
In the spirit of total communication.
- I told you I would do that.
- What?
- I need to let you know.
- What's going on?
The power went out.
But. honey - Mom.
Natalie. Honey. it's fine.
I lit candles. and I filled up
the bathtub with water. and it's so nice.
It's nice. It's really quite elegant
and. in fact. it's a little sexy.
- Okay. that's weird. Yeah. No.
- No. Natalie. no. no. no.
You know what? She's taking the phone.
She's taking the phone. Say. "Hi. Mommy."
Mom. I-I want you to come here.
- Okay? Come here.
- Natalie. there's no need.
- Honey. we're fine.
- Mother.
We are -Mom. just get here.
- We make her an offer.
- With what?
I got a couple of fucking scratch
and sniffs in my car. How about you?
- Low.
- How low? Better be fucking low.
She gave Michael $2.500 back in 2018.
She's gonna gouge us. okay?
But you gotta start the conversation.
Hey. Hey. Hey. Uncle J.
Hey. Uncle Computer.
Hey. new person.
- I'm Pete.
- I'm Cheese.
Nice. Are you from Wisconsin?
Are you an asshole?
Nice.
Hey. what do you know about air rights?
Air rights.
- It can get complicated.
- All right. Well. make it simple for us.
Okay. well. I mean.
above every building is air. right?
- Fuck me. Fuck me in my ass.
- Yeah. we know what air is.
Okay. buddy. this is it.
Game time.
One is '97. and one is '99.
That's right.
- I don't want to fuck this up. Teddy.
- No. no. no. You studied.
You trained. You're a G.
You're the master.
All right. let's see. Wish me luck. boys.
You got it. baby. You're a fucking G.
Okay.
What do we got?
Okay. okay. the tannins…
Over here are a little more prominent.
- Fruit's kind of plummy.
- Yeah.
Color…
Red.
Yeah. this is '97 here.
- Think so? Okay.
- Yeah. Yes. Chef.
Yes. All right.
- Yeah. I… Yeah. That's it there.
- Yeah. Just write it on there.
Yeah.
- Yeah. that's it.
- All right.
Fresh Sharpies. Where you like 'em?
Thanks.
It's beautiful. cousin.
What's that?
Just the room.
I'm never really able to be in here
around this time.
It's good work.
Thank you.
You too. cuz.
Yo.
Fuck.
- Finally. Yes.
- The streets are shut. dude.
What up. Lance?
- It's still Luca. man.
- That's what I meant. dude.
- Nice.
- Check it out.
- Thank you. Whoo.
- Good. right?
- Shit.
- The sides…
The sides are a little flimsy.
Let me see that.
Is the glue set on that one?
- Yeah.
- I think it's fine.
Pretty amazing.
given the four hours we gave you to do it.
Yeah. dude. it was actually really hard.
- Fifteen centimeter by 15 centimeter.
- What we need with these are raspberries.
Just ice-cold. simple.
nothing on them. just plain.
Not now. We're open now.
You can't add raspberries
I know. It was something I thought of
when you were off on another station.
It's fine. It's easy. It's nothing
on them. It's just raspberries.
Yeah. but we don't have
raspberries though.
I know. That's why I got something.
Don't worry about it.
It's "raspberries." not "rozberries."
So it's a bavette.
preserved sour cherries.
black olives. parsnip roasted in
brown butter. a little endive.
Hold on. hold on. hold on.
Yo. D. I need a huge favor.
Is there any way that I can get
some raspberries off of you?
- Raspberries?
- Yeah. we got raspberries.
- Dishes. whatever you need. I just.
- I got it.
Hey. you don't owe me anything.
Just come and get 'em.
- You've saved my life. I owe you.
- My pleasure. kid.
Yo. I need you to run over to the Publican
and grab some raspberries from Donnie.
- Wait.
- I mean. yeah. no…
I-It'll make up for the one flimsy side.
- Thank you. Appreciate it.
- Hold on. It's pissing rain out there.
- You can't send him.
- He's a big boy. He's a grown man.
- He has a coat. He has a car. It's easy.
- It's bad.
Chester. you don't need to go
and get raspberries right now.
- What are you doing?
- We can't even add shit at this stage.
- It's not your call.
- I appreciate you having my back.
- Heard. Chef.
- Yeah.
Thank you.
I'll take care of this.
Just go over there for me.
You guys fighting over me?
Desk.
Shirt.
Tablet.
Ass.
You offer her what she paid. all right?
She might not even
remember making the transaction.
I think we should be prepared
to go up to $10.000.
- What's the actual market value. fuckface?
- You can't say. It's air.
Hold on a sec. I gotta get Chuck.
Why do you gotta get Chuck?
Backup.
Backup? For what?
Raymond.
Hi. do you need anything? Sorry.
No. no. don't be sorry. It's your office.
Yeah. I guess so.
I just. needed a minute.
I get it.
Thank you.
You know…
Today was the first day
in a very long time
when I woke up and I thought…
"I know what I'm doing."
"I am good at my job."
I'm getting better.
"And I can do this."
- And then it rains.
- And then it pours.
It does not stop raining.
- The rain is in the building. actually.
- Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
And you feel like
you can't do anything right.
Yeah.
Do you know of. any job openings.
though. in Copenhagen?
Don't say that.
'cause I will take you up on it.
I will learn the customs and the ways.
If you had to…
find a bright side to all this?
- Ooh.
- There's always a silver lining.
I don't know. man.
Worst-case scenario. you know. you'll
get to say goodbye on your own terms.
Well. you don't always get to do that.
Right.
I often think about this
one restaurant I worked at
where we knew the last day was coming.
You'd come in some days
and shit would just be gone.
Sold or just. like. taken away.
Sometimes right off your station.
after service.
- That's crazy.
- Yeah.
Towards the end there was. like.
barely anything left.
And the guy who ran it wanted to stay.
Did not want to shut down
unless he absolutely had to.
So. towards the end.
he. like. went up to every single person
and thanked them.
and then when there
was barely any of us left.
I saw him going up to appliances
and having these. like.
really intimate whispered conversations.
I think it was his way of. like.
saying goodbye.
Who do you think said
goodbye to him though?
Honestly. I don't remember
anyone saying goodbye to him.
Well…
We've still got our appliances.
We've also got a good
amount of people too.
Yeah.
Think that's your silver lining. Chef.
I also think there are
a lot of people out there.
and none of them would leave
without saying goodbye to you.
Thank you. Chef.
Chuck. be ready for anything.
- What the fuck's about to happen?
- Nothing.
- Hello.
- Mary. You look fantastic.
- The years have been good to you.
- Fuck you. Jimmy.
- Get the fuck off of my porch.
- Mary. it's Nicholas Marshall.
I'm sorry. who?
Come on. it's the Computer.
My fucking God.
What the fuck are you doing here. sweetie?
We need your help.
Okay. with what?
It's a delicate situation.
You're the only person who can help.
Come on. Mary. please.
Come on in.
I don't wanna have to ask this.
but I have to ask you.
is Raymond in there?
No. Raymond doesn't live here anymore.
If Raymond pops out of a fucking closet.
it's fucking curtains for Raymond. okay?
There is no fucking Raymond.
Do you wanna get out of the rain or not?
- All right. Chuck. Clear the room.
- Welcome.
- Who the fuckity fuck is Raymond?
- Wipe your feet. Be fucking civilized.
Corner.
- Hey.
- Yo.
Bro. I just want to say. about me leaving…
I feel like the way you found out
was kind of fucked-up.
It's all good.
It just… It-It… It came out
and. not how I planned.
and I feel like you're maybe -What?
I feel like you're putting
a lot of pressure on yourself.
And I think I get it.
- I think I know why.
- Okay.
- And it's not for me to say…
- No. no. you can say it.
Speak your mind.
You didn't have a problem speaking up
earlier when Chester was here.
What do you need to say?
Are you fucking for real right now?
Are you for real?
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. just so I'm clear.
with air rights. you can't build above me?
- That's correct. yes. You own them…
- Okay.
…and we would like to purchase them.
For how much?
For what you paid plus some interest.
I don't know what I paid.
but I like the idea
of no construction. so.
- Fucking Raymond. I knew he was here.
- I fucking knew.
- It's my dog! It's my dog.
- I knew it! Fucking Ray! Show yourself!
- That's no fucking dog.
- My dog has PTSD. so sit the fuck down.
Control your guys.
So. how much did I pay?
Well. you paid $2500
to Michael Berzatto in 2018.
- And how much are they worth now?
- Well. they don't appreciate. ma'am.
You don't need to "ma'am."
You can just Mary.
- Okay.
The truth is. Mary.
that if-if we can get the air rights back.
well. it would greatly help us
keep The Bear in business.
You know.
and it would also help us make sure
that whatever goes in above the restaurant
is something that
the entire block approves of.
Well. everyone on the block loves me.
because of course they do.
and I could do the exact same thing.
Okay.
Yes. I understand that. Mary.
but this would ensure that we keep
the restaurant as it always has been.
Why do I care?
Because it's important to us.
not just as a business.
but as…
a-as a part of our family. you know?
Yeah. it's like an heirloom.
It's seen some great moments.
and it's seen some really bad moments.
It's almost fallen apart
a hundred times. you know.
but it always finds a way
to get put back together.
I-It's like a wild card.
And. well.
it's really important to this street.
and it's really important to us.
And. we just wanna do whatever we can
to make sure that…
that it stays right where it is.
So I can get however much money I want.
- Well. no. not really. Not really.
- No.
But you need them. the air rights.
Well. yes. we do.
- Fucking Raymond.
- Hey.
- What the fuck?
- I will fucking cut you.
- I will eat your fucking liver. Ray.
- No. no. Get the fuck out of my house.
- Now!
- Come here. Ray. you fuck!
- You don't fucking want this.
- Don't think you surprised us.
- Let's fucking go. Ray.
- Get the fuck outta my house
- with your toxic masculinity…
- You're not surprising anyone.
- …your bullshit…
- Dumb motherfucker.
- …your bad vibrations and bullshit.
- You sick twist.
- I'll see you on the fucking block. Ray.
- I don't need this shit.
- Thank you for your time. ma'am.
- Thank you for the… Fuck you.
Thank you. Fuck you.
Okay. drill it one more time.
- Guest gets up.
- Yes.
- Chuckie strikes the table.
- Good.
Chi-Chi replenishes.
I am in charge of resetting these.
There's four by four by four by four.
That's 34 sets at all times.
If we replenish these sets. we are set
for service every step of the way. Chef.
Great. fast.
- Very fast.
- Fast. fast.
- Chef.
- Yes.
Two people called. They are still coming.
so we have two people confirmed at 7:15.
which is in an hour and a half.
and it is just the two.
- I will take that.
- Same.
- Thank you.
- Chef.
- Good job.
- Yes.
- Where you going?
- Chef. This way.
Bar.
Chair.
Chair?
Fuck. this fucking exercise.
Right. Exercise. like. for what?
No. it's just this stupid fucking exercise
that I read about.
Like if I'm feeling anxious
or frustrated or angry or whatever.
if I touch three things.
say what they are out loud.
then it's supposed to.
I don't know. like. "help."
- Does it work?
- God. Fuck no.
Try again.
No. it's stupid. It doesn't work.
Try.
Hand.
I saw that.
What?
What are you talking about?
No. no. no. she was. like…
My God.
- No. she was showing me the app.
- No.
She was showing the app?
- Yeah. she was…
- What?
Yeah. she was. like. demonstrating…
- You can't even finish the lie.
- Wh I don't…
- Stop.
- You're nuts.
- My God.
- I don't know why I'm laughing now.
You were holding hands
like you were Tarzan.
- Stop. What's up? Hey. Hey.
- Hey.
Yo.
What? What's funny?
None of your business.
What?
- I don't want to tell you.
- Why?
- Nothing. We can't…
- I don't know.
- Because you don't work here anymore.
- My God.
Yo. that's fucking cold.
- Sorry. dude. it's a whole rule.
- I'm sorry. my hands are tied.
You're really not gonna tell me?
It's. like. not even interesting.
to be honest.
- Sorry. I'm…
- Ew.
Stop.
I am so fucked!
- She said she didn't want…
- I tried.
…construction around her.
She wasn't gonna sell anyway. All right?
You're down to one fucking idea.
one option left.
That's it.
I've never been more serious
in my fucking life.
Call Albert.
With what fucking money?
Unc. what if we all kicked in?
Charles. with what?
- Kick in with what. young man?
- Whatever we got. Albert could match it.
Ebra's plan is solid. I'm telling you.
It just needs structure. That's it.
So I can have fucking ten more assholes
whose advice I gotta listen to?
Ten partners is better than no partners.
Look me in the eyes and tell me
you have a better fucking idea.
A better idea than. like.
"Let's play investment club"?
Let's find any asshole with a nickel
so we can all hold hands
and sing the "fuck me" song
while they march us
into the fucking poorhouse!
At least he has an idea. Do you have one?
I might.
Shit. we got… we got customers. baby.
Hold that.
Yeah. baby. Customers!
Doors. baby. doors.
Doors.
Look alive.
- Hi. I'm so sorry we're late.
- Hi.
You know. the rain is just slowing
everything down and there was an accident.
Please tell me we're not too late.
For McKenzie.
- You guys are great. Welcome.
- Great.
- Hey. party of two?
- Yeah.
- All right. Follow me.
- Thanks.
- No one knows how to drive in the rain.
- Yes.
Hi. guys. Party of eight? Party of eight?
- Cool. So we got all eight with you guys?
- Yeah.
Come on in. Welcome to The Bear.
Go.
Fire everything.
- Chef.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm